Cloud.md, before:

# Cloud Engineering Roles

## Graduate Cloud Engineer
> I am a committed student of the values and beliefs of Loan Market.
#### I am familiar with and develop good quality solutions for cloud computing.

- I am learning how to segment tasks into deliverable units of work.
- I am learning about security concerns related to cloud computing and actively seeking how to mitigate any risks.
- I am learning to be competent with the tools and core building blocks used by our team.
- I am learning how to write scripts to support the deployment of solutions provided by the development team.
- I am learning the importance of solution availability and what this means to our end customers.
- I am learning how to architect quality solutions using available cloud resources.

#### I show great enthusiasm and initiative.

- I am self-directed in my learning of technologies that interest me and seek guidance on technologies I should learn to progress my career.
- I am a good citizen in the developer community, following the processes and patterns created by my peers.
- I am not afraid to provide my thoughts and insights to my team.
- I am professional and friendly to all my team members and fellow employees.
- I understand the importance of system uptime and actively want to increase our customers satisfaction with the services we provide.

#### I am an egoless, team oriented developer.

- Other team members genuinely want me on their team.
- I am ready to receive feedback from my peers about how I can improve.
- I am learning I cannot go dark. My team needs to know what I am doing and when I am stuck.
- Even when I disagree with something I continue to work enthusiastically, learning from the others in my team.
- My contributions to team discussions are net-positive, informative and helpful.

---


## Cloud Engineer
> I am a valuable, enthusiastic and net-positive member of the team.

#### I am able to develop quality, high quality cloud solutions to support our customers.

- I am able to gather requirements from stake holders independently.
- I am able to design cloud solutions based on the requirements.
- I am able to code and integrate quality solutions in the cloud.
- I am able to support and suggest improvements for solutions to ensure they meet business requirements and are resilient.
- I understand and develop solutions that adhere to compliance and security standards.
- I know how to stand up a build and delivery pipeline.

#### I am recognised by my desire to learn and my motivation to improve.

- I am an active member of the developer community.
- I am learning, maybe through a variety of ways like reading books, reading code, trying and shipping ideas, undertaking certifications, watching online courses, attending conferences or user group meetings.
- I am discussing the things I'm learning about or experimenting on with my teammates, maybe even collaborating on the experience.
- I am a self-managing team member.

#### I am an egoless, team oriented developer.

- Other team members genuinely want me on their team.
- I happily take responsibility for what I produce.
- I expect to receive feedback from my peers about how I can improve.
- I am learning to give respectful feedback to all my peers, including my leaders.
- I avoid going dark and I know when to call out for help.
- I communicate professionally and keep stake holders engaged at all times.
- I am well aware of all processes of my team and diligently follow them.
- Every venture has mundane tasks and I work happily and diligently through them.
- My contributions to team discussions are net-positive, informative and helpful.
- I keep my cool during high pressure situations and can still think logically when I know our customers are effected.
- I am comfortable enough to provide a differing opinion and humble enough to know when other opinions are better.
- I am always prepared to be a [rubber duck](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging).

---

## Senior Cloud Engineer
> I am a highly sought-after member of the team with a proven record of shipping high-quality solutions to production.

#### I am trusted to develop a solution from an initial idea through to production.

- I consistently write cloud solutions with scalability, availabilty and cost in mind.
- I have a broad knowledge of available cloud resources, and know where each is appropriate as part of a broader solution.
- I understand how to define, gather and interpret metrics to resolve problems or as part of designing a solution.
- I am comfortable in providing development teams with advice on what cloud resources they should include in their architecture.
- I am proficient with my tools and the core building blocks used by our team.
- I know how to make pragmatic decisions in order to ship a feature.
- I am a master of standing up a build and delivery pipeline.
- I am able to persuade people on the pros/cons of a given technical design approach.

#### I am a technical mentor.

- People tend to ask me for my opinion when making technical decisions because I have a proven track record of making wise choices.
- I am fuelling my team's desire to learn, perhaps by mentoring, running sessions, sharing useful articles.
- I use code reviews as an opportunity to teach and show others alternate, cleaner ways to implement functionality in an ego-less manner. That way the whole team together learns how to deliver a higher quality, more maintainable product.
- I can manage difficult conversations and tactfully challenge others, leaving them with a positive impression of myself and my team.
- I can effectively coach people and pass on my knowledge.
- I am a confident and proficient teacher of my craft.

#### I am focussed on the success of the team, without the need to boost my ego.

- I add value to my team by being a trusted, proactive supporter of my team and its leadership, and by delivering high quality work with a minimum of fuss.
- I seek to understand the real needs of our customer's and am comfortable building requirements and technical recommendations off those.
- I recognise problems early and get in and fix them regardless of whose fault it is.
- I am good at recognising problems outside the scope of my work and eagerly get involved in improving our product, our environment and our processes.
- I happily tackle all problems regardless of difficulty, and I support my team by solving them in a pragmatic way.
- Every venture has mundane tasks but I'm the one that can be trusted to get them done, and get them done right - usually with a sprinkle of ingenuity.
- I recognize and accept that change is constant, and my approach allows me to tactfully challenge, or confidently adapt, depending on which I deem appropriate.
- I have proven I can decompose larger requirements into smaller, more manageable pieces, to deliver functionality in an incremental and iterative manner.
- I possess writing skills that let me be clear, concise, articulate and persuasive in all of my outgoing communications.

#### I've become a student of my craft.

- I am devoted to learning; it's become a natural part of my life.
- I am actively introspective and take time to work on my personal and professional development.
- I happily take responsibility for my own mistakes and I learn from the mistakes of others.


---

## Principal Cloud Engineer
> I am a well-rounded cloud developer, architect, problem solver and leader of people. I aspire to have engineering and behavioural excellence.
>
> 🔀 This role starts the Domain Expert track. 

#### I am trusted to lead a team and take an idea all the way to production with little supervision.

- I am emerging as a leader of people.
- I can confidently step outside my comfort zone and adapt quickly to new team situations.
- I am comfortable diving head-first into moderately risky environments with relatively little upfront information and oversight.
- I am comfortable with transparently assessing risk, making recommendations, escalating appropriately and dealing with the consequences along the way.
- I am proficient at leading projects using agreed practices.
- I can confidently and charismatically pitch ideas and influence my teams decisions.
- I am an adept communicator, and can effectively steer technical and non-technical conversations to positive outcomes over any medium.

#### I help our team focus on delivering value.

- I invest in sustainable delivery, maintaining professional standards and striking a pragmatic balance between idealistic purity and business pressures.
- I am typically the first one to take responsibility for reducing waste in our process.
- I help Product and Engineering Managers to clarify their vision and help turn it into a roadmap and then pitches, collaborating with them to reach a shared understanding of what should and can be built.
- I recognise problems with my team and proactively engage with relevant leaders as needed to prevent or resolve them quickly.

### I am adaptable

- I realise that there are many tools that can solve a given problem and each have their own pros and cons.
- I can adapt to a given situation and can learn and implement new technologies with very short notice.
- I know that my knowledge will soon be obsolete so I'm actively investing in other areas or technologies into which I can grow.

#### I am emerging as a thought leader in technology and architecture.

- I have a wide understanding of cloud development technology and practices, backed by extensive practical experience.
- I am confident making architectural decisions taking concerns like infrastructure, identity management, security, scalability, performance, concurrency and maintainability into consideration.
- I can apply my technical abilities to productively solve business problems with confidence and pragmatism.
- I use my skills, speed and knowledge to help my team be very productive.

#### I am investing back into Loan Market.

- I am becoming a trusted voice in Loan Market and my opinions and ideas seem to carry some weight.
- I am mentoring another team member, deliberately helping them to round out their skill set.
- I am sharing my on-the-job learning and experiences with others so they can be more effective in their roles.
- I am involved in initiatives beyond cloud engineering.

---

## Lead Engineer
> I am a well-rounded developer, architect, problem solver and leader of people. I am trusted to lead teams to deliver a small number of pitches from inception to their successful completion.
>
> 🔀 This role is the start of the Management track.

#### I am becoming a respected and trusted leader of people.

- I am emerging as a leader of people.
- I can confidently step outside my comfort zone and adapt quickly to new team situations.
- I am comfortable diving head-first into moderately risky environments with relatively little upfront information and oversight.
- I am comfortable with transparently assessing risk, making recommendations, escalating appropriately and dealing with the consequences along the way.
- I can confidently and charismatically pitch ideas and influence my teams decisions.
- I am an adept communicator, and can effectively steer technical and non-technical conversations to positive outcomes over any medium.

#### I am learning to be a servant leader for my team.

- I am prioritising the needs of my team members above my own, knowing that their success is our success.
- I am learning to reliably deliver successful projects by applying good practices when leading teams.
- I am focussed on helping my peers grow, sharing what I have learned and encouraging others to do the same.
- I facilitate ongoing, net-positive and productive communication in my team.
- I participate and have a strong voice in the hiring of new team members.
- I understand that I cannot solve every problem for my team by doing it myself. I am learning to trust and delegate tasks to my team.

#### I am emerging as a driver for technical and business opportunities.

- I am looking for new technologies and practices that maybe able to assist our team to achieve their goals and improve how we work.
- I am comfortable with building a product vision with a Product or Engineering Manager based on the business needs, regardless of whether this involves technology or otherwise.
- I know we need to be able to measure performance and progress in my team. I am constantly looking for ways to understand what we have achieved.

#### I am investing back into Loan Market.

- I am becoming a trusted voice in Loan Market and my opinions and ideas seem to carry some weight.
- I am mentoring another team member, deliberately helping them to round out their skill set.
- I am sharing my on-the-job learning and experiences with others so they can be more effective in their roles.

---

## Cloud Engineering Manager
> I am trusted to autonomously lead people through any engagement with a proven record of delivering pitches from inception to their successful completion.
>
> 🔀 The sub-branches of Engineering Manager are:
>
> - Architect: Engineering and software architecture excellence.
> - Business Analysis: Business solution design and strategy.
> - Leadership: Problem solving and operational excellence.

#### I am a deeply respected leader of people.

- My influence and guidance positively affects teams and individuals both inside and outside of Loan Market.
- I use my soft skills to bring out the best in both our people and our customers and encourage them to grow.
- I'm not afraid to have difficult conversations when needed, and do so with tact and care.
- I set clear expectations for people and they know how they are progressing against those expectations. I create bounded environments for action and let people have freedom within those boundaries.
- I know when and how to apply different coaching and mentoring techniques, understanding the maturity level of those I'm helping.
- I am able to provide perspective for those I'm serving by reminding them of the big picture when they get stuck in the details and day to day of solving problems.

#### I know the pressures of being a key leader.

- I know how to identify business problems/goals and evaluate the ROI and TCO of potential solutions.
- I understand how budgeting, competition, strategic alignment and compliance pressures can influence technology decisions and am able to adjust proposed solutions based on those factors.
- I understand the bigger picture of how software development, compliance, marketing and other business departments all interrelate and influence the success of a business.
- I know how to adjust my communications style based on my audience, from support to engineer to sales and marketing to C-level executives and business owners.
- I know the impact of internal politics in organisations and how it can alter decision making processes. I work to minimise any such activities and proactively display a culture of ownership and inclusion.
- I know what is required to bring about organisational change, and when enough trust has been established to broach such topics with others.

#### I am a servant leader for my team.

- I am prioritising the needs of my team members above my own, knowing that their success is our success.
- I am an outspoken advocate of my team. They can trust me to be the first line of defence.
- I know the buck stops with me. At the end of the day I am responsible for my team and the relationship with our peers and customers.
- I actively track the progress of our team, keeping the goals of our projects and our constraints front of mind. I make this information visible and transparent internally and externally to minimise 'surprises' and to facilitate early and pragmatic problem resolution.
- I have a track record of delivering successful projects by applying good practices when leading teams.
- I don't mind making the coffee or picking up the pizza for everyone in my team.
- I am focussed on helping my team grow, sharing what I have learned and encouraging others to do the same.
- I actively delegate tasks to my team providing them autonomy to complete the task. I trust my team to complete tasks and seek help when needed.
- I understand culture is held in our people. I am proactive in hiring for good culture fit and attitude as much as skills.
- My validation and success comes from the cumulative successes of my team.

#### I am a driver for technical and business opportunities.

- I am looking for new opportunities and thinking beyond what we are creating today.
- I don't rely on the Product and Engineering Managers to define the roadmap and set objectives. I am constantly asking questions and looking for ways to improve our intentions.
- I listen to my team but advocate for more. I look to change negative attitudes into positive plans of action.

#### I am investing back into Loan Market.

- I am a trusted voice in Loan Market and my opinions and ideas carry some weight.
- I am helping steer the public and private conversations within the business towards positive and productive outcomes.
- I represent the interest of my team and the technology group as a whole to the wider business.
- I am involved in initiatives beyond cloud engineering.
- I take time to reflect on our identity, our people and our culture, and the way in which we work. I think of ways in which we can improve ourselves, engage others to validate those ideas and then invest time in implementing them.

Commit message:

expand futher on metrics with principle

Cloud.md, after:

# Cloud Engineering Roles

## Graduate Cloud Engineer
> I am a committed student of the values and beliefs of Loan Market.
#### I am familiar with and develop good quality solutions for cloud computing.

- I am learning how to segment tasks into deliverable units of work.
- I am learning about security concerns related to cloud computing and actively seeking how to mitigate any risks.
- I am learning to be competent with the tools and core building blocks used by our team.
- I am learning how to write scripts to support the deployment of solutions provided by the development team.
- I am learning the importance of solution availability and what this means to our end customers.
- I am learning how to architect quality solutions using available cloud resources.

#### I show great enthusiasm and initiative.

- I am self-directed in my learning of technologies that interest me and seek guidance on technologies I should learn to progress my career.
- I am a good citizen in the developer community, following the processes and patterns created by my peers.
- I am not afraid to provide my thoughts and insights to my team.
- I am professional and friendly to all my team members and fellow employees.
- I understand the importance of system uptime and actively want to increase our customers satisfaction with the services we provide.

#### I am an egoless, team oriented developer.

- Other team members genuinely want me on their team.
- I am ready to receive feedback from my peers about how I can improve.
- I am learning I cannot go dark. My team needs to know what I am doing and when I am stuck.
- Even when I disagree with something I continue to work enthusiastically, learning from the others in my team.
- My contributions to team discussions are net-positive, informative and helpful.

---


## Cloud Engineer
> I am a valuable, enthusiastic and net-positive member of the team.

#### I am able to develop quality, high quality cloud solutions to support our customers.

- I am able to gather requirements from stake holders independently.
- I am able to design cloud solutions based on the requirements.
- I am able to code and integrate quality solutions in the cloud.
- I am able to support and suggest improvements for solutions to ensure they meet business requirements and are resilient.
- I understand and develop solutions that adhere to compliance and security standards.
- I know how to stand up a build and delivery pipeline.

#### I am recognised by my desire to learn and my motivation to improve.

- I am an active member of the developer community.
- I am learning, maybe through a variety of ways like reading books, reading code, trying and shipping ideas, undertaking certifications, watching online courses, attending conferences or user group meetings.
- I am discussing the things I'm learning about or experimenting on with my teammates, maybe even collaborating on the experience.
- I am a self-managing team member.

#### I am an egoless, team oriented developer.

- Other team members genuinely want me on their team.
- I happily take responsibility for what I produce.
- I expect to receive feedback from my peers about how I can improve.
- I am learning to give respectful feedback to all my peers, including my leaders.
- I avoid going dark and I know when to call out for help.
- I communicate professionally and keep stake holders engaged at all times.
- I am well aware of all processes of my team and diligently follow them.
- Every venture has mundane tasks and I work happily and diligently through them.
- My contributions to team discussions are net-positive, informative and helpful.
- I keep my cool during high pressure situations and can still think logically when I know our customers are effected.
- I am comfortable enough to provide a differing opinion and humble enough to know when other opinions are better.
- I am always prepared to be a [rubber duck](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rubber_duck_debugging).

---

## Senior Cloud Engineer
> I am a highly sought-after member of the team with a proven record of shipping high-quality solutions to production.

#### I am trusted to develop a solution from an initial idea through to production.

- I consistently write cloud solutions with scalability, availabilty and cost in mind.
- I have a broad knowledge of available cloud resources, and know where each is appropriate as part of a broader solution.
- I understand how to define, gather and interpret metrics to resolve problems or as part of designing a solution.
- I am comfortable in providing development teams with advice on what cloud resources they should include in their architecture.
- I am proficient with my tools and the core building blocks used by our team.
- I know how to make pragmatic decisions in order to ship a feature.
- I am a master of standing up a build and delivery pipeline.
- I am able to persuade people on the pros/cons of a given technical design approach.

#### I am a technical mentor.

- People tend to ask me for my opinion when making technical decisions because I have a proven track record of making wise choices.
- I am fuelling my team's desire to learn, perhaps by mentoring, running sessions, sharing useful articles.
- I use code reviews as an opportunity to teach and show others alternate, cleaner ways to implement functionality in an ego-less manner. That way the whole team together learns how to deliver a higher quality, more maintainable product.
- I can manage difficult conversations and tactfully challenge others, leaving them with a positive impression of myself and my team.
- I can effectively coach people and pass on my knowledge.
- I am a confident and proficient teacher of my craft.

#### I am focussed on the success of the team, without the need to boost my ego.

- I add value to my team by being a trusted, proactive supporter of my team and its leadership, and by delivering high quality work with a minimum of fuss.
- I seek to understand the real needs of our customer's and am comfortable building requirements and technical recommendations off those.
- I recognise problems early and get in and fix them regardless of whose fault it is.
- I am good at recognising problems outside the scope of my work and eagerly get involved in improving our product, our environment and our processes.
- I happily tackle all problems regardless of difficulty, and I support my team by solving them in a pragmatic way.
- Every venture has mundane tasks but I'm the one that can be trusted to get them done, and get them done right - usually with a sprinkle of ingenuity.
- I recognize and accept that change is constant, and my approach allows me to tactfully challenge, or confidently adapt, depending on which I deem appropriate.
- I have proven I can decompose larger requirements into smaller, more manageable pieces, to deliver functionality in an incremental and iterative manner.
- I possess writing skills that let me be clear, concise, articulate and persuasive in all of my outgoing communications.

#### I've become a student of my craft.

- I am devoted to learning; it's become a natural part of my life.
- I am actively introspective and take time to work on my personal and professional development.
- I happily take responsibility for my own mistakes and I learn from the mistakes of others.


---

## Principal Cloud Engineer
> I am a well-rounded cloud developer, architect, problem solver and leader of people. I aspire to have engineering and behavioural excellence.
>
> 🔀 This role starts the Domain Expert track. 

#### I am trusted to lead a team and take an idea all the way to production with little supervision.

- I am emerging as a leader of people.
- I can confidently step outside my comfort zone and adapt quickly to new team situations.
- I am comfortable diving head-first into moderately risky environments with relatively little upfront information and oversight.
- I am comfortable with transparently assessing risk, making recommendations, escalating appropriately and dealing with the consequences along the way.
- I am proficient at leading projects using agreed practices.
- I can confidently and charismatically pitch ideas and influence my teams decisions.
- I am an adept communicator, and can effectively steer technical and non-technical conversations to positive outcomes over any medium.

#### I help our team focus on delivering value.

- I invest in sustainable delivery, maintaining professional standards and striking a pragmatic balance between idealistic purity and business pressures.
- I am typically the first one to take responsibility for reducing waste in our process.
- I help Product and Engineering Managers to clarify their vision and help turn it into a roadmap and then pitches, collaborating with them to reach a shared understanding of what should and can be built.
- I recognise problems with my team and proactively engage with relevant leaders as needed to prevent or resolve them quickly.

### I am adaptable

- I realise that there are many tools that can solve a given problem and each have their own pros and cons.
- I can adapt to a given situation and can learn and implement new technologies with very short notice.
- I know that my knowledge will soon be obsolete so I'm actively investing in other areas or technologies into which I can grow.

#### I am emerging as a thought leader in technology and architecture.

- I have a wide understanding of cloud development technology and practices, backed by extensive practical experience.
- I am confident making architectural decisions taking concerns like infrastructure, identity management, security, scalability, performance, concurrency and maintainability into consideration.
- I understand how to use metrics / logs to make the best decisions for the product and I always refer to these when planning future work and making decisions. I am constantly looking for ways to better understand problems with the system by expanding the metrics and logging footprint.
- I can apply my technical abilities to productively solve business problems with confidence and pragmatism.
- I use my skills, speed and knowledge to help my team be very productive.

#### I am investing back into Loan Market.

- I am becoming a trusted voice in Loan Market and my opinions and ideas seem to carry some weight.
- I am mentoring another team member, deliberately helping them to round out their skill set.
- I am sharing my on-the-job learning and experiences with others so they can be more effective in their roles.
- I am involved in initiatives beyond cloud engineering.

---

## Lead Cloud Engineer
> I am a well-rounded developer, architect, problem solver and leader of people. I am trusted to lead teams to deliver a small number of pitches from inception to their successful completion.
>
> 🔀 This role is the start of the Management track.

#### I am becoming a respected and trusted leader of people.

- I am emerging as a leader of people.
- I can confidently step outside my comfort zone and adapt quickly to new team situations.
- I am comfortable diving head-first into moderately risky environments with relatively little upfront information and oversight.
- I am comfortable with transparently assessing risk, making recommendations, escalating appropriately and dealing with the consequences along the way.
- I can confidently and charismatically pitch ideas and influence my teams decisions.
- I am an adept communicator, and can effectively steer technical and non-technical conversations to positive outcomes over any medium.

#### I am learning to be a servant leader for my team.

- I am prioritising the needs of my team members above my own, knowing that their success is our success.
- I am learning to reliably deliver successful projects by applying good practices when leading teams.
- I am focussed on helping my peers grow, sharing what I have learned and encouraging others to do the same.
- I facilitate ongoing, net-positive and productive communication in my team.
- I participate and have a strong voice in the hiring of new team members.
- I understand that I cannot solve every problem for my team by doing it myself. I am learning to trust and delegate tasks to my team.

#### I am emerging as a driver for technical and business opportunities.

- I am looking for new technologies and practices that maybe able to assist our team to achieve their goals and improve how we work.
- I am comfortable with building a product vision with a Product or Engineering Manager based on the business needs, regardless of whether this involves technology or otherwise.
- I know we need to be able to measure performance and progress in my team. I am constantly looking for ways to understand what we have achieved.

#### I am investing back into Loan Market.

- I am becoming a trusted voice in Loan Market and my opinions and ideas seem to carry some weight.
- I am mentoring another team member, deliberately helping them to round out their skill set.
- I am sharing my on-the-job learning and experiences with others so they can be more effective in their roles.

---

## Cloud Engineering Manager
> I am trusted to autonomously lead people through any engagement with a proven record of delivering pitches from inception to their successful completion.
>
> 🔀 The sub-branches of Engineering Manager are:
>
> - Architect: Engineering and software architecture excellence.
> - Business Analysis: Business solution design and strategy.
> - Leadership: Problem solving and operational excellence.

#### I am a deeply respected leader of people.

- My influence and guidance positively affects teams and individuals both inside and outside of Loan Market.
- I use my soft skills to bring out the best in both our people and our customers and encourage them to grow.
- I'm not afraid to have difficult conversations when needed, and do so with tact and care.
- I set clear expectations for people and they know how they are progressing against those expectations. I create bounded environments for action and let people have freedom within those boundaries.
- I know when and how to apply different coaching and mentoring techniques, understanding the maturity level of those I'm helping.
- I am able to provide perspective for those I'm serving by reminding them of the big picture when they get stuck in the details and day to day of solving problems.

#### I know the pressures of being a key leader.

- I know how to identify business problems/goals and evaluate the ROI and TCO of potential solutions.
- I understand how budgeting, competition, strategic alignment and compliance pressures can influence technology decisions and am able to adjust proposed solutions based on those factors.
- I understand the bigger picture of how software development, compliance, marketing and other business departments all interrelate and influence the success of a business.
- I know how to adjust my communications style based on my audience, from support to engineer to sales and marketing to C-level executives and business owners.
- I know the impact of internal politics in organisations and how it can alter decision making processes. I work to minimise any such activities and proactively display a culture of ownership and inclusion.
- I know what is required to bring about organisational change, and when enough trust has been established to broach such topics with others.

#### I am a servant leader for my team.

- I am prioritising the needs of my team members above my own, knowing that their success is our success.
- I am an outspoken advocate of my team. They can trust me to be the first line of defence.
- I know the buck stops with me. At the end of the day I am responsible for my team and the relationship with our peers and customers.
- I actively track the progress of our team, keeping the goals of our projects and our constraints front of mind. I make this information visible and transparent internally and externally to minimise 'surprises' and to facilitate early and pragmatic problem resolution.
- I have a track record of delivering successful projects by applying good practices when leading teams.
- I don't mind making the coffee or picking up the pizza for everyone in my team.
- I am focussed on helping my team grow, sharing what I have learned and encouraging others to do the same.
- I actively delegate tasks to my team providing them autonomy to complete the task. I trust my team to complete tasks and seek help when needed.
- I understand culture is held in our people. I am proactive in hiring for good culture fit and attitude as much as skills.
#### I am a driver for technical and business opportunities.

- I am looking for new opportunities and thinking beyond what we are creating today.
- I don't rely on the Product and Engineering Managers to define the roadmap and set objectives. I am constantly asking questions and looking for ways to improve our intentions.
- I listen to my team but advocate for more. I look to change negative attitudes into positive plans of action.

#### I am investing back into Loan Market.

- I am a trusted voice in Loan Market and my opinions and ideas carry some weight.
- I am helping steer the public and private conversations within the business towards positive and productive outcomes.
- I represent the interest of my team and the technology group as a whole to the wider business.
- I am involved in initiatives beyond cloud engineering.
- I take time to reflect on our identity, our people and our culture, and the way in which we work. I think of ways in which we can improve ourselves, engage others to validate those ideas and then invest time in implementing them.
